KOF Gateway API (#744)
k0rdent/docs: docs/admin/kof/kof-upgrade.md

## Upgrade to v1.9.0

KOF v1.9.0 introduces a [Gateway API](http://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) support.

### Upgrade Procedure

1. **Get current Helm values of umbrella chart**:
    ```bash
    helm get values -n kof kof -o yaml > kof-values.yaml
    ```

2. **Migrate to Gateway API from Nginx Ingress**

    Nginx Ingress will be removed and Envoy Gateway be created instead. That might cause a downtime while DNS is propagated from Nginx Ingress to Gateway IP address. If the downtime is not acceptable, consider deploying a new regional cluster with Gateway API and following the [migration to a new cluster](kof-upgrade.md#data-migration-to-a-new-regional-cluster)

    Update kof-values.yaml:

    ??? note "Switch regional clusters to Envoy Gateway"

        ```yaml
        kof-regional:
          values:
            ingress-nginx:
              enabled: false
            envoy-gateway:
              enabled: true
        ```

    If you are using [DNS auto-config](./kof-install.md#dns-auto-config) DNS will be switched automatically.

    In case of [Manual DNS config](./kof-verification.md#manual-dns-config), apply gateway address.

> 3. **Upgrade to the umbrella chart**:

Reviewer: * Typo:
```suggestion
3. **Upgrade the umbrella chart**:
```
* Also, the https://github.com/k0rdent/docs/pull/749 should be merged first, and then this "Upgrade to v1.9.0" section should be moved to the new include file created there.

    * first apply the [Upgrade to v1.2.0](#upgrade-to-v120) section,
    * then apply the [Upgrade to v1.3.0](#upgrade-to-v130) section.

## Upgrade to v1.9.0

KOF v1.9.0 introduces a [Gateway API](http://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) support.

### Upgrade Procedure

1. **Get current Helm values of umbrella chart**:
    ```bash
    helm get values -n kof kof -o yaml > kof-values.yaml
    ```

2. **Migrate to Gateway API from Nginx**

    Update kof-values.yaml:

    ??? note "Switch regional clusters to Envoy Gateway"

        ```yaml
        kof-regional:
          values:
            ingress-nginx:
              enabled: false
            envoy-gateway:
              enabled: true
            storage:
              gatewayClass:
                enabled: true
              gateway:
                enabled: true
              victoriametrics:
                vmauth:
                  spec:
                    ingress:
                      enabled: false
                    httpRoute:
                      enabled: true
        ```

>     Nginx Ingress will be removed and Envory Gateway be created instead. That might cause a downtime while DNS is propagated from Nginx Ingress to Gateway IP address. If the downtime is not available, consider to deploy a new regional cluster with Gateway API and follow the [migration to a new cluster](kof-upgrade.md#data-migration-to-a-new-regional-cluster)

Reviewer: * "downtime is not available" should be "downtime is not acceptable"
* "consider deploying" is better:

```suggestion
    Nginx Ingress will be removed and Envory Gateway be created instead. That might cause a downtime while DNS is propagated from Nginx Ingress to Gateway IP address. If the downtime is not acceptable, consider deploying a new regional cluster with Gateway API and following the [migration to a new cluster](kof-upgrade.md#data-migration-to-a-new-regional-cluster)
```
